update: readme files (#53)
Kotlin/kotlin-wasm-examples: compose-jetsnack/README.md

By compiling Kotlin code to WebAssembly, you can run it on any WebAssembly-compatible environment that meets Kotlin's requirements, including web browsers.

With Kotlin/Wasm, you will encounter numerous development opportunities, such as building high-performance web applications and serverless functions.

## Compose Multiplatform for web

> **Note:**
> Web support is an [Alpha](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/components-stability.html) feature. It may be changed at any time. 
> You can use it in scenarios before production.
> We would appreciate your feedback in [GitHub](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform/issues).
>
> [Join the compose-web community](https://slack-chats.kotlinlang.org/c/compose-web).

Compose Multiplatform for web enables experimenting with sharing your mobile or desktop UIs with the web.

Compose Multiplatform for web is based on [Kotlin/Wasm](https://kotl.in/wasm), the newest target for Kotlin Multiplatform projects.
It allows you to run your code in the browser with all WebAssembly's benefits, such as high and predictable application performance.

> In the next sections, you can find information to try out the Jetsnack application built with Compose Multiplatform for web and Kotlin/Wasm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions in the sections below to try out this Jetsnack app built with Compose Multiplatform for web and Kotlin/Wasm.
```

## Set up the environment

> Before you start, prepare the IDE and browser you require to run the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting, ensure you have the necessary IDE and browser setup to run the app.
```

### IDE

We recommend using [IntelliJ IDEA 2023.1 or later](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) to work with the project.
It supports Kotlin/Wasm out of the box.

### Browser (for Kotlin/Wasm target)

To run applications built with Kotlin/Wasm in a browser, you need a browser supporting the [Wasm Garbage Collection (GC) feature](https://github.com/WebAssembly/gc):

**Chrome and Chromium-based**

* **For version 119 or later:**

  Works by default.

**Firefox**

* **For version 120 or later:**

  Works by default.

**Safari/WebKit**

Wasm GC support is currently under
[active development](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=247394).

> **Note:**
> For more information about the browser versions, see the [Troubleshooting documentation](https://kotl.in/wasm_help/).

## Build and run

To build and run the Jetsnack application with Compose Multiplatform for web and Kotlin/Wasm:

1. In IntelliJ IDEA, open the repository.
2. Navigate to the `compose-jetsnack` project folder.

> 3. Run the application by using the commands explained in the following sections.

Reviewer: same as above - consider combining the two sections into an unordered list and updating step 3

### Run the web version via Gradle

To run the web version, type the following Gradle command in the terminal: 

`./gradlew :web:wasmJsRun`

Once the application starts, open the following URL in your browser: 

`http://localhost:8080`

> **Note:**

> > The port number can vary. If the 8080 port is unavailable, you can find the corresponding port number printed in the console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The port number can vary. If port 8080 is unavailable, you can find the corresponding port number printed in the console
```
